hey Natasha what time you getting off
tonight actually I'm getting off right
now really great if we were getting off
simultaneous you apply your next date
rape in the kitchen are you stations
gonna be empty all night
hello Naomi welcome to Tatas I've got a
table waiting just for you from the guys
that brought you waiting comes the saucy
sequence oh yeah I care about you too
much to let you work there I don't want
you to be groped inappropriately except
by me oh you'll be working at stripper
pole earth in a year when the old
shenanigans crew opens up a Tatas next
door like one big happy family and on
the father and you're my daughters well
stepdaughters shenanigans takes it where
it hurts she's Carrie don't make a
$9,000 day
the restaurant is shutting down what I'm
gonna get the early evening menu going I
understand the elderly aren't the
greatest tippers it's hot wings purses
old Birds
whenever you have this
stimulating any kind of a sex act this
could either be your biggest failure or
your greatest crime it's more outrageous
this guy is me such a jerk oh man I tug
one on his refill more raw I was telling
my life is I'm gonna eat your ass like a
sandwich what and more raunchy
I loved FMEA and then see all over her
tees I knew what
sour princess starring John Michael
Higgins got everything you need ha ha
good one
Rob Benedict Andy Milonakis
Ilana you fuh
and Luis Guzman Harry tell you about
this little game we play around here
with a special appearance by Adam
Carolla
I couldn't step and that's a good day
still waiting thank you so much for your
business you really saved my ass
although my caterer got killed on the
way to the office just when you thought
you couldn't wait any longer
yes look for the Raiden or the saucy
unrated edition oh what a nice girl